# Brain dump

After the first Interplanetary Mind-map iteration we realized that we didn't have a data set to test or try.

To have something functional is long way ahead, and trying to create it will most likely turn out into an over-design full of imaginary problems.

Instead we should create a tool that allows us to start dumping our mental structures, even if its not "Interplanetary".

With clear use-cases should be much easier to keep iterating over the mind-map system

## Mind-mapping to Markdown

- Tool to automatically split Markdown files into blobs based on headers and other tokenss 
- Why?
  - Things are ovious once, but we forget, so we don't need to re-do the process
  - So others can benefit
  - To clear the mind. Publishing forces correctness. Writting allows reflexion. It shows the flaws.
- Configurable via url
- Frame it as a a view for interplanetary mind-map
- Use the hidden file syntax (`.wip.md`) to represent files that are a work in progress
- Is not compiled. So external files can be referenced
- A starting file is provided. From there the menu is generated by parsing the compiled file of nested markdowns using its headers.

### Define an strict definition on what each token (markdwn element such as H1, checkbox) represents and how it is used

- Concept progressive resolution
- There is no "files" just "blobs" of data
- File names are static ids. What changes are the headers (H1, h2), so we don't break links
- Headers are the subject your are defining. Therefore the use of `it` refers to the header.
- Readmes should only contain indexes
- When to put links?
  - Anywhere were there is an uncommon or very explicit reference?
  - Every single time we use this word?
    - Highlight the same references when hover?

## Opinionanted UI

### Sliced view

- When a link is clicked, it opens a window on a the side

### Rendiring for mobile

### Shows browsing trace

# Abstractions system

## Random

-VSCode liniting for nested-md and for nested definitions
- Use YML front-matter to add metadata to markdown https://jekyllrb.com/docs/front-matter/

