# Projects ideas

## Ether mixer
- For eth/etc/dai and other erc20 by request
- Have referral addresses
- As API
- Use its liquidity as exchanger

## Nested Markdown
- Google it first
- The smallest part that have coherence on its own should be able to be referenced
- Use the extension `file.n.md` no make it backwards compatible with normal markdown
- Use the `[!](link)` syntax for embeding
- Use a different character to show it as a hover content. Character for concatanation? Character for 
- Do not use the `!` character so in a normal markdown is obious that there is something strange and the link still accessible
- Use a link hash to fetch just the markdown section that we are interseted `link.com/markdownText.md#Header1`
- Using double hash? `markdownText.md##Header2` and nestead hash? `markdownText.md#Header1##Header2`
- Where does the title header belong?
- Is just a concatanation
## Documentation
- Tool to automatically split Markdown files into blobs based on headers and other tokenss 
- Why?
  - Things are ovious once, but we forget, so we don't need to re-do the process
  - So others can benefit
  - To clear the mind. Publishing forces correctness. Writting allows reflexion. It shows the flaws.
- Configurable via url
- Frame it as a a view for interplanetary mind-map
- Use the hidden file syntax (`.wip.md`) to represent files that are a work in progress
- Is not compiled. So external files can be referenced
- A starting file is provided. From there the menu is generated by parsing the compiled file of nested markdowns using its headers.

### Define an strict definition on what each token (markdwn element such as H1, checkbox) represents and how it is used
- There is no "files" just "blobs" of data
- File names are static ids. What changes are the headers (H1, h2), so we don't break links
- Headers are the subject your are defining. Therefore the use of `it` refers to the header.
- 
- When to put links?
  - Anywhere were there is an uncommon or very explicit reference?
  - Every single time we use this word?
    - Highlight the same references when hover?
  
### Things to list
- Dictionary of life(what does X means?)
- Critical events of my life (differenciate the ones I choose conciously)
- Governance/hierchies
- Orxata
- Blog (as permanent documents)
- Todo
- Meditation log (link to airtable). Format-it via Pieper
- Legs/mobility problems (with pictures)


## Piping scritps and content in a Url
- A `JsonFile.json` --> is processed by a `javascriptFile.js` --> And I get a `MarkdownFile.md` in return.
- As a monetizable service
- Using IPMM data format as structure
- Embed btc/eth transaction
  
# Insights
## Projects focus
- Define prcess for tacking them
- Define project time-frame and scope beforehand
## Polarized escalation
- Polarization factor
- Subtle escalation

## Any information should have a source link

## Meditation posture
### Hands on the coxis join

# To look
- Open hands keyboard
- Ghost in a shell movie
- Eco project from Galicia. Econstrucción?
- Working sitting
- Workout to make stright/sittin back srong
- My legs problems due of cross leg sitting
- Kneeing vs cross-leg sitting
- Set meditation habit before `exploration`
- Personality types (enologia?) from Jordi
- Meditation stoll. It can knee or cross-leg. Made as soft material only?
- Ask for batteries at electric vehicle shops (bike-shops) and deixalleria
- Sketchup files in github
# Analize vocdoni

# Vipassana
## How to create habit
- Group sittings
- Gong
- Anyware
## Course
- History
- Food
- Mental process types
 - Anaconda/Sangoku ball
 - Comenting as a show-man to keep the attention
## How to communicate to parents
- Wheel-chair accsibility
- I need to first destill my understanding of the technique
## Technique reminders
## Essencials
- Practice awerness and equanimity on daily situtaions
- Use anapana to get focus
- Vipassana is to rewire the sensation-reaction association
- Create a habit of doing it. Better done than perfect (long)
- Counting is no-good. It is easy because it uses the wording as focus point
### Anapana
## Liberation process eficiency
## Destill my understanding of the technique
