## Todo
- Write down current idea of the whole system
  - Mapping/Organization
  - Identity/Entity/Proofs
  - Storage/avaibility/redundancy
  - Global domain/ENS/IPNS
  - Accessibility/sharability/encryption

## Nested Markdown
- Google it first
- The smallest part that have coherence on its own should be able to be referenced
- Use the extension `file.n.md` no make it backwards compatible with normal markdown
- Use the `[!](link)` syntax for embeding
- Use a different character to show it as a hover content. Character for concatanation? Character for 
- Do not use the `!` character so in a normal markdown is obious that there is something strange and the link still accessible
- Use a link hash to fetch just the markdown section that we are interseted `link.com/markdownText.md#Header1`
- Using double hash? `markdownText.md##Header2` and nestead hash? `markdownText.md#Header1##Header2`
- Where does the title header belong?
- Is just a concatanation

## Mind-mapping to Markdown
- Tool to automatically split Markdown files into blobs based on headers and other tokenss 
- Why?
  - Things are ovious once, but we forget, so we don't need to re-do the process
  - So others can benefit
  - To clear the mind. Publishing forces correctness. Writting allows reflexion. It shows the flaws.
- Configurable via url
- Frame it as a a view for interplanetary mind-map
- Use the hidden file syntax (`.wip.md`) to represent files that are a work in progress
- Is not compiled. So external files can be referenced
- A starting file is provided. From there the menu is generated by parsing the compiled file of nested markdowns using its headers.

### Define an strict definition on what each token (markdwn element such as H1, checkbox) represents and how it is used
- Concept progressive resolution
  - The same idea is explained with multiple resolutions (more or less detail)
  - The Headers can be used to capture this hierchy
  - So the content of H3 is the same content of the H1 but with higher resolution
  - Can an H3 be understood without an H2? Can an H2 be understood without an H1?
- There is no "files" just "blobs" of data
- File names are static ids. What changes are the headers (H1, h2), so we don't break links
- Headers are the subject your are defining. Therefore the use of `it` refers to the header.
- Readmes should only contain indexes
- When to put links?
  - Anywhere were there is an uncommon or very explicit reference?
  - Every single time we use this word?
    - Highlight the same references when hover?
  
### Things to list
- Dictionary of life(what does X means?)
- Critical events of my life (differenciate the ones I choose conciously)
- Governance/hierchies
- Orxata
- Blog (as permanent documents)
- Todo
- Meditation log (link to airtable). Format-it via Pieper
- Legs/mobility problems (with pictures)


## Piping scritps and content in a Url
- A `JsonFile.json` --> is processed by a `javascriptFile.js` --> And I get a `MarkdownFile.md` in return.
- As a monetizable service
- Using IPMM data format as structure
- Embed btc/eth transaction

## Projects focus
- Define prcess for tacking them
- Define project time-frame and scope beforehand


## The system
### Sharing
Should not be an active action (Like button), should be passive by default, no maximize the the amount of outputs

## People to interview
- From Airtable